README.md, before:

# uspm
Universal source-based package manager that compiles packages from source for user-level installation. Features per-user package isolation, with each system user maintaining their own packages in their individual $PATH.
## Getting Started
> [!WARNING]
> Do NOT use this package manager with sudo or as root. It will not work as intended, and will most likely break your system. As said before, this package manager is for the USER. If, at any point, it needs to use sudo, it will do that on its own.

Working with uspm should be a breeze, as just typing `uspm` gives you all of its functionality in a concise and readable format.

Each command is very simple, and should be very easy to type (yes, this is a feature)

If you're looking for a package, you can look for it in the `repo` directory.
## Install
Run this command to install uspm:
```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dacctal/uspm/refs/heads/main/repo/uspm/install.sh | sh
```

This script tries to add uspm to your `$PATH` using `~/.profile`. Make sure it's sourced in your shell's config (examples: `.bashrc`, `.zshrc`):
```
source ~/.profile
```

Commit message:

docs(maintainers): add repo_maintain guide and move templates; update package.toml schema and root README

README.md, after:

# uspm
Universal source-based package manager that compiles packages from source for user-level installation. Features per-user package isolation, with each system user maintaining their own packages in their individual $PATH.
## Getting Started
> [!WARNING]
> Do NOT use this package manager with sudo or as root. It will not work as intended, and will most likely break your system. As said before, this package manager is for the USER. If, at any point, it needs to use sudo, it will do that on its own.

Working with uspm should be a breeze, as just typing `uspm` gives you all of its functionality in a concise and readable format.

Each command is very simple, and should be very easy to type (yes, this is a feature)

If you're looking for a package, you can look for it in the `repo` directory.
If you want to add or maintain a package in this repository, see `repo_maintain/README.md` for templates and guidelines.
## Install
Run this command to install uspm:
```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dacctal/uspm/refs/heads/main/repo/uspm/install.sh | sh
```

This script tries to add uspm to your `$PATH` using `~/.profile`. Make sure it's sourced in your shell's config (examples: `.bashrc`, `.zshrc`):
```
source ~/.profile
```
